Add a --db-app-token flag to "astro db" execute, push, and verify commands (#15069)
withastro/astro: .changeset/happy-rooms-scream.md

---

> '@astrojs/db': patch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'@astrojs/db': minor
```

---

> Add --db-app-token CLI flag to astro db execute, push, query, and verify commands

Reviewer 2: My "review" published, but not the comment inside it. 😓 Here's the message that was meant to go with the review!

For a minor release of a new feature, we'd usually hype it up a bit more, focusing on what a user can now do (with an example usage shown) rather than implementation details.  You can [see a model of this in our contributing docs](https://contribute.docs.astro.build/docs-for-code-changes/changesets/#new-features):

- Quick sentence to shout "New! Shiny!" and grab people's attention without a lot of visual clutter
- describe the problem it solves or ability it unlocks and why that's cool
- show an example that people could copy into their projects right away to try it out so that it's easy for them to get started
- link to the docs for the new thing

So maybe something like... (just rough wording to get the idea of the structure across!)

``````suggestion
Adds a `--db-app-token` CLI flag to `astro db` commands `execute`, `push`, `query`, and `verify`

The new Astro DB CLI flags allow you to provide a remote database app token directly instead of `ASTRO_DB_APP_TOKEN`. This ensures that no untrusted code (e.g. CI / CD workflows) has access to the secret that is only needed by the `astro db` commands.

The following command can be used to safely push database configuration changes to your project database:

```
astro db push --db-app-token <token>
```

See the [Astro DB integration documentation](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/integrations-guide/db/#astro-db-cli-reference) for more information.
``````
(This is only a suggestion! Please edit to make it correct/the right nuance! I've only pulled content from the PR description and thrown it together.)
